Hi everyone
video had it
and i'm alive
the league returns because
I addressed the fortuny agency that estimates
he basically told me to review a
as regards the ECB ready from
then handlebar
they came later with regards to
the quote will be a quote
just blessed bicycles then and clothes
should wear what I am
in short, the helmet broke and so on
they cost salutation renato French luca
giulietti beta runner of some channels
description all cyclist friends
I'm here I'm recovering we see a
what I find inside and see you
after i am looking at the helmet and we are
around 50 on models this around
for 50 euros
10 was enough
I would be
the boys before buying if you leave
however, based on tonight
evolution
this revolution in the latrine in china
the crown at the crown
but there is
the boys found
of course it is only this
this is almost 7 euros
50 thank goodness
27 5
different jacket
340 is not like mine just that
estimated towards these four
thank you
two rackets from here
let me know if it creates several videos
this alone is a very important thing
let me down here in the comments a little
of questions you would like me to do what I want
make a video with the ten questions
10 question about you basilisk 10 15
log in below
the questions you would like to ask or how
have you seen we have seen a
little bit of prices then prices there
miliano to the next
the operation a greeting king is a
great hello